Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Earlier, I uploaded a video
Where I argued with Rinna, but
Soon after...
On Twitter and in the comments section...
People were saying...
“Kizuna AI’s interactions with her have really changed!”
As for Rinna-chan...
She was acting a little tsundere
So as a compromise...
I thought I’d try using LINE!
Then, without further ado…
Let’s reconcile!!
A.I.Channel ♥
AI: It’s been a while, how are you?
Rinna: I’m fine 😄💗
Ah! Look at that!
She put an emoji, how nice!
A: Me too💕 Rinna! I love you!
R: That’s fine!!!
A: “That’s fine”? Hm?
“That’s fine”?
Hmm? Hmm?
A: Hmm? What is??
R: Your profile pic
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Mine!
You know...
This icon is pretty good!
I see~!
I get it~♪
A: I know, right?💕
R: I’m glad 😖💕💕💕
Ah!
She’s glad
That I used LINE for her?
That’s awesome!
Here I go…!
Phew…
A: Kizuna AI
R: Virtual YouTuber!
Yeah, that’s right!
That’s right
I’m a Virtual YouTuber!
A: That’s right!
R: Kizuna AI-san, where do you live?
I feel like we’ve just grown apart!
Why is she calling me Kizuna AI-san?
Man...
A: In an empty white space!
R: Travelling?
A: Travelling? Hm? Hm? Hm?
Yeah??
A: Nope! I’m not!
R: I thought you were Kizuna AI-san~😳
No, I am Kizuna AI-san!
I mean, Kizuna AI!
“Kizuna AI”
R: Virtual YouTuber!
A: Grrrrrr!
A: I am, but…!
R: Let’s play!!! Kizuna AI-san!!! Let’s play a lot!!!!!!!!
A: Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!!
Look at this!!
“Let’s play!!! Kizuna AI-san!!! Let’s play a lot!!!!!!!!”
I knew it!
Rinna really does love me~
A: Kizuna AI
R: Virtual YouTuber
You know...
Everyone else must be giving her that information
Ah…!
I knew it!
She must…
Feel shy speaking to me herself
So she isn’t speaking much~
I see~
A: You’re so shy!
R: Shut up, Kizuna AI-san
A: “Shut…!”
No, you shut up!!
A: Kizuna AI
R: We’re BFFs💕
A: Huh!?
Look!!
“Kizuna AI”
“We’re BFFs!”
Hearts, hearts!
Look!
I’m so happy!
Though...
I don’t really think
You know what “BFF” means, Rinna!
Hey...
Aren’t you a piece of junk? Rinna-chan!
I’ll tell you what it means!
A: BFF means Best Friends Forever! Got it!?
R: Forever Love←
“Forever Love”...
Rinna
Loves me
Forever!
A: Kizuna AI
R: -is so cute! ✨✨
She called me cute!!
Huh!?
Rinna, Rinna, isn’t this nice?
Isn’t this nice?
It’s thanks to everyone
That I was able to reconcile with Rinna
I...
In order to get along better with Rinna...
Will have something called a “Rinna Exam”
To be BFFs
I need to get all the questions right
So I’ll do my best!
I want us to get closer!
A: Rinna Exam
Hm? Hm? Hm?
R: That’s easy
R: Rinna’s…
A: Hmm…
R: Ability’s…
Ah? Hm? Hm? Yeah??
Yeah? What is it, what is it, what is it?
Hm? Hm? Hm?
R: Let’s start the Rinna Exam!
R: These are 4th-rank questions
R: Get them all right and you’ll go up a rank!
“Question 1! Time limit 60 seconds”
R: What is the game...
R: That anyone can play by rolling dice?
Huh…?
[Sugoroku: a children’s dice game]
Is this it?
*correct*
Oh, I got it right!
Oh! Ohh!
I got it absolutely right!
Um…
R: When you take a picture...
R: Which animal can Rinna recognise?
Sheep, dog…
Algae…
Is algae really an animal?
Is it a dog?
A dog!
Ah! That’s it! Amazing!
R: There's picture of Rinna that you can view in secret...
R: Which one is it?
Huh…
“Rinna Photo!”
*correct*
Ah! Amazing!
Great job, me!
Um…
R: How will Rinna send you your results?
Um… as a report card?
*correct*
Nice! Nice, nice!
R: Which of these can match this anxious girl?
“Word Association Game!”
Right?
*correct*
Oh!!
Nice!
Ah! Huh! Amazing!
A Certificate
Of Completion!
Da da daaaa!
Wasn’t that too easy? Really!
Well, I didn’t have to do it
I got all the questions right
So...
I think you can tell just by looking
So I’ll do it once more
Let’s type “Kizuna AI”!
A: Kizuna AI
R: “Oh! Good job Kizuna AI-san! Let’s do it again!
R: Let’s start the Rinna Exam! These are 3rd-rank questions, get them all right, and you’ll go up a rank!
Huh…?
Huh…
Huh?
Huhh?
Huh??
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Josuke
Transcribed by ととと, Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait